---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clearpass_extension_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-clearpass"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads a list of ClearPass Extension Instances.
---

# clearpass_extension_instances (Data Source)

Reads a list of ClearPass Extension Instances.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `calculate_count` (Boolean) Whether to calculate the total item count.
- `filter` (String) JSON filter expression specifying the items to return.
- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of items to return (1-1000).
- `offset` (Number) Zero based offset to start from.
- `sort` (String) Sort ordering for returned items (default +name).

### Read-Only

- `instances` (Attributes List) List of extension instances (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `total_count` (Number) Total number of items matching the filter. Returned when calculate_count is true.

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `about_href` (String) URL for the extension's documentation
- `description` (String) Description of the extension
- `has_config` (Boolean) Extension has configuration settings
- `hostname` (String) Hostname assigned to the extension
- `icon_href` (String) URL for the extension's icon
- `id` (String) ID of the extension instance
- `install_time` (String) Installation time
- `internal_ip_address` (String) Internal IP address of the extension
- `name` (String) Name of the extension
- `needs_reinstall` (Boolean) Indicates if the extension is out-of-date
- `note` (String) User note about the extension
- `reinstall_details` (String) Reinstall operation details
- `state` (String) Current state of the extension
- `state_details` (String) Additional information about the current state
- `store_id` (String) ID of the extension in the store
- `upgrade` (String) Available upgrade information
- `version` (String) Version number of the extension
