---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clearpass_network_device Data Source - terraform-provider-clearpass"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves the details of a specific network device (NAD) in ClearPass by its numeric ID or name. Network devices represent switches, wireless controllers, VPN gateways, and other network equipment that communicate with ClearPass via RADIUS, TACACS+, or other protocols.
---

# clearpass_network_device (Data Source)

Retrieves the details of a specific network device (NAD) in ClearPass by its numeric ID or name. Network devices represent switches, wireless controllers, VPN gateways, and other network equipment that communicate with ClearPass via RADIUS, TACACS+, or other protocols.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) Numeric ID of the network device. Specify either `id` or `name` to look up a device.
- `name` (String) Name of the network device. Specify either `id` or `name` to look up a device.

### Read-Only

- `attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes (key/value pairs) stored with the network device.
- `cli_config` (Attributes) CLI Configuration details of the network device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cli_config))
- `coa_capable` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the network device is capable of RADIUS Change of Authorization (CoA).
- `coa_port` (Number) CoA port number of the network device.
- `description` (String) Description of the network device.
- `ip_address` (String) IP or Subnet Address of the network device.
- `nad_groups` (List of String) List of NAD group names this device belongs to.
- `onconnect_enforcement` (Attributes) OnConnect Enforcement settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--onconnect_enforcement))
- `radsec_config` (Attributes) RadSec settings of the network device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radsec_config))
- `radsec_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the network device has RadSec enabled.
- `snmp_read` (Attributes) SNMP read settings of the network device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_read))
- `snmp_write` (Attributes) SNMP write settings of the network device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_write))
- `vendor_id` (Number) Vendor ID (IANA enterprise number) of the network device.
- `vendor_name` (String) Vendor Name of the network device.

<a id="nestedatt--cli_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cli_config`

Read-Only:

- `command_prompt_regex` (String) Command prompt regex.
- `enable_password` (String) Enable password. Not returned by the API.
- `enable_prompt_regex` (String) Enable prompt regex.
- `password` (String) CLI password. Not returned by the API.
- `password_prompt_regex` (String) Password prompt regex.
- `port` (Number) SSH/Telnet port number.
- `type` (String) Access type of the network device (SSH or Telnet).
- `username` (String) CLI username.
- `username_prompt_regex` (String) Username prompt regex.


<a id="nestedatt--onconnect_enforcement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `onconnect_enforcement`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating if OnConnect Enforcement is enabled.
- `ports` (String) Port names in CSV format.


<a id="nestedatt--radsec_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radsec_config`

Read-Only:

- `cn_regex` (String) Common Name Regular Expression String.
- `expiry_date` (String) Issuer CA Certificate Expiry Date.
- `san_regex` (String) Subject Alternate Name Regular Expression String.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial Number of a Certificate.
- `src_override_ip` (String) Source Override IP indicates the actual Source IP Address.
- `subject_dn` (String) Issuer CA Certificate Subject DN.
- `validate_cert` (String) Certificate validation method.


<a id="nestedatt--snmp_read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_read`

Read-Only:

- `auth_key` (String) Authentication key. Not returned by the API.
- `auth_protocol` (String) Authentication protocol.
- `community_string` (String) Community string of the network device. Not returned by the API.
- `force_read` (Boolean) This field is deprecated.
- `privacy_key` (String) Privacy key. Not returned by the API.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) Privacy protocol.
- `read_arp_info` (Boolean) Enable to read ARP table from this device.
- `security_level` (String) Security level of the network device.
- `snmp_version` (String) SNMP version of the network device.
- `user` (String) SNMPv3 username.
- `zone_name` (String) Policy Manager Zone name associated with the network device.


<a id="nestedatt--snmp_write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_write`

Read-Only:

- `auth_key` (String) Authentication key. Not returned by the API.
- `auth_protocol` (String) Authentication protocol.
- `community_string` (String) Community string. Not returned by the API.
- `default_vlan` (Number) Default VLAN for port when SNMP-enforced session expires.
- `privacy_key` (String) Privacy key. Not returned by the API.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) Privacy protocol.
- `security_level` (String) Security level.
- `snmp_version` (String) SNMP version.
- `user` (String) SNMPv3 username.
